Review Use Case

Seamus is constantly buying mobile phone items online. Fred is currently looking for reviews 
before he goes buying online so he can get an outlook of products. Fred wants a system that Fred and Seamus and everyone else
can post and share reviews on products brought and where they were purchased.....

Replace/Refund Use Case

Gary buys a lot of mobile phone items. Gary is looking for a way to exchange or get a refund on the items he
was not fully satisfied with.

Online Forum Use Case

Liam is looking for ways of posting up reviews and knowledge of products online as it will ease the amount of emails
and phone calls from customers and hopefully boost sales. Liam needs an online forum where he can interact with the public

Store Locator Use Case

Ronaldo does alot of travelling. Ronaldo likes to keep his phone updated with the latest apps but does not know 
where the nearest store to him is located 

Phone Delivery-
The Buyer has just bought a phone online. The Buyer chooses delivery type of courier delivery. The Buyer has to book the next day off work as he
wants to be at home to play with his brand new phone. The Buyer is up early the next morning. Courier arrives at his house at 9 o clock.
The Buyer signs the electronic device. The Buyer proceeds to open and start up his new device

Phone Insurance-
Customer is at a wedding and has a bit too much to drink. Customer wakes up next morning and cant find hsi phone. Customer rings 
Phone Spec HeadQuarters with a friends phone. Customer gives security details. Replacement phone is sent to customers address for next 
day delivery.

Phone Spec Promotion-
Customer see's a shared facebook post of PhoneSpec Promotion. Customer gets promotion code from Social Media Site.
Customer goes online to use promotion code to earn a discount.

Build a phone online use case
The requestor will have to find the website for Phone Spec. The requestor will need an internet connection and a device.
The requestor uses a search engine to find the Phone Spec website. Once found the requestor clicks the website link and loads up the site.
The requestor has a variety of options upon loading the site. The requestor can customize a phone of their choice by clicking radio buttons
that will add and remove parts onto a phone. The requestor will see an image that changes depending on what radio buttons they click.
The requestor can click add to cart at any stage however validation may prevent the user from adding an incomplete phone. Once 
the requestor clicks add to cart. The assembled phone's price is added up and saved temporarilly in the cart page. The requestor can go 
back to the create more phones and add them to the cart.
Once the requestor clicks buy in the cart page. They are prompted to create an account or sign in To. The requestor can also just pay 
without creating an account. The user enter's there name ,email, password ,address and age. The user can click sign up and will receive
a confirmation email. The requestor will then be brought to a payment form. Here the requestor will enter the name of the card holder, 
the type of card, the card code and expiry date. The requestor can then click confirm purchase. The system will validate the details. 
The requestor will be brought to a page with a receipt generated that diaplays the delivery address and purchase information. The user can
contact customer services if the order is wrong by phone or by clicking on a available link. 

Build a phone in shop use case
A customer finds a Phone Spec shop. The customer looks around the shop. The customer has a price they are willing to spend in his/her 
head. The customer picks out the required parts. A member of staff is approched by the customer. The customer ask's to have these parts
assembled. The staff member ensures that the parts are compatible. The staff member leaves and assembles the parts. The customer waits.
Staff member packages the phone and tells the customer the price. The customer pays for the phone and receives a receipt. The customer
leaves the shop.

Customer Service Phone
The customer picks up the phone. The phone needs to be connected to a mobile network and have the required credit or plan to make a call.
The customer rings customer services. The customer is either greeted with waiting music or by a member of customer services. The calls 
assistent answers. The customer tells the calls assistent what the problem is. The assitent goes through a handbook of solutions to 
common problems. The assitent comes up with a solution. The assitent presents the solution to the customer. The customer trys 
the solution. The solution may not work for the customer. The customerwill request a new solution. The assistent will either put
the customer on hold or reconnect her to a more experienced staff member. The new assistent provides a new solution. The solution works
for the customer. The customer hangs up.




